Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. - Mahatma Gandhi
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions. - Dalai Lama
If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world. - J.R.R. Tolkien
The Way Get Started Is To Quit Talking And Begin Doing. - Walt Disney
People Who Are Crazy Enough To Think They Can Change The World, Are The Ones Who Do. - Rob Siltanen
It's a beautiful day. Give yourself a treatment. Go out. Taste a cup of tea or a coffee. Enjoy the monent! - Unknown
Develop An 'Attitude Of Gratitude'. Say Thank You To Everyone You Meet For Everything They Do For You. - Brian Tracy
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will. - Epictetus
We tend to forget that happiness doesn't come as a result of getting something we don't have, but rather of recognizing and appreciating what we do have. - Frederick Keonig
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy. - Thich Nhat Hanh
Perhaps they are not stars, but rather openings in heaven where the love of our lost ones pours through and shines down upon us to let us know they are happy. - Eskimo Proverb
To be kind to all, to like many and love a few, to be needed and wanted by those we love, is certainly the nearest we can come to happiness. - Mary Stuart
There are more things to alarm us than to harm us, and we suffer more often in apprehension than reality. - Seneca
Happiness depends upon ourselves. - Aristotle
It is more fitting for a man to laugh at life than to lament over it. - Seneca
The reason people find it so hard to be happy is that they always see the past better than it was, the present worse than it is, and the future less resolved than it will be. - Marcel Pagnol
If men would consider not so much wherein they differ, as wherein they agree, there would be far less of uncharitableness and angry feeling in the world. - Joseph Addison
Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort. - Franklin D. Roosevelt