Some days are just bad days, that's all. You have to experience sadness to know happiness, and I remind myself that not every day is going to be a good day, that's just the way it is! - Dita Von Teese
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it. - Charles R. Swindoll
It's Not Whether You Get Knocked Down, It's Whether You Get Up. – Vince Lombardi 
Failure Will Never Overtake Me If My Determination To Succeed Is Strong Enough. ~Og Mandino
In the egoic state, your sense of self, your identity, is derived from your thinking mind - in other words, what your mind tells you about yourself: the storyline of you, the memories, the expectations, all the thoughts that go through your head continuously and the emotions that reflect those thoughts. All those things make up your sense of self. - Eckhart Tolle
Wherever you are, be there totally. If you find your here and now intolerable and it makes you unhappy, you have three options: remove yourself from the situation, change it, or accept it totally. If you want to take responsibility for your life, you must choose one of those three options, and you must choose now. Then accept the consequences. - Eckhart Tolle
Narrow your life down to this moment. Your life situation may be full of problems - most life situations are - but find out if you have a problem at this moment. Do you have a problem now? - Eckhart Tolle
All-day is not the same, you need to wait and be patient for the good things to happen.
Crying alone does not show that you are weak but it shows that you are strong.
Wipeout your own tears, because if people come to you they will come for a deal.
When you feel the pain, just remember it's the signal that your sins are getting less.
I wish I could ignore you as you did.
Never let to know the reason of your sadness to others, they won't get it.
They just ask you how are you? You told them you are fine but you are not really fine.
Never compare yourself with others because they don't know your bad time and you don't know about theirs.
If you get a reason to be happy, take it. Life is small.
You can't hide your feeling as it can clearly be seen by your eyes.
If you are a good heart person, you are going through more shit than any other.
Hey buddy! You look sad. Please do something that makes you really happy :)